As part of this course, we already worked with events, for example the click event which we listened to
on buttons.
Now there are more events we can listen to and events in general are an important thing in Javascript,
not just when working with Javascript in the browser but in Javascript in general, though in this module,
again I will focus on the browser side Javascript,
you'll get an idea for how we listen to events
in Node.js for example, in the Node.js module later down in the course and I will show you to which
kind of events you can listen,
which data you will get there and how to work with that data and also how to control the behavior of
events.
We'll also finish this module by going back to our projects project where we switched projects
between these two lists which we worked on in an earlier module and we'll implement drag and drop there.
So specifically in this module, we'll have a look at events, what they are, how they work, which data
they yield to us,
we'll then also as I mentioned have a look at how we can control their behavior, specifically how we
can control what they do and how they propagate and what event propagation actually means
and as I also mentioned, we'll implement an example with drag and drop which is a nice user interface
pattern that you might need in many applications
and it is all powered by events which are built into the browser or which are exposed by the browser.